Update to wifi guide to include wpa_supplicant. (#939)
clearlinux/clear-linux-documentation: source/guides/network/wifi.rst

:ref:`live installer <bare-metal-install-desktop>` image, your Wi-Fi settings
will be added to your system during the installation process.

NetworkManager provides three simple methods for configuring Wi-Fi: Desktop,

> CLI, and TUI. :command:`wpa_supplicant` is also available if your prefer a

Reviewer: We should clarify here because NM also uses wpa_supplicant under the hood for wireless connections. 
One idea might be to use headingphrases similar to the static IP doc: https://docs.01.org/clearlinux/latest/guides/network/assign-static-ip.html

- Using NetworkManager
- Using wpa_supplicant + systemd-networkd or Using wpa_supplicant standlone

   .. figure:: /_figures/wifi/nmtui_5.png

wpa_supplicant
**************

> Make sure NetworkManager is either disabled or not installed before using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure NetworkManager is either stopped, disabled by masking the service, or not installed
```
Since the service is system distributed and enabled by default, it needs to be masked instead of disabled. 
IIRC uninstalling is difficult.

wpa_supplicant.

.. code-block:: bash

>    sudo systemctl stop NetworkManager.service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   sudo systemctl stop NetworkManager.service
   sudo systemctl mask NetworkManager.service
```

#. Create a ``wpa_supplicant`` configuration directory.

   .. code-block:: bash

      sudo mkdir /etc/wpa_supplicant

> #. Create a minimal :file:`/etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf` and add the

Reviewer: Suggest making this `/etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant-$INTERFACE_NAME.conf`. Reasoning in a comment below. This means the step to determine wireless interface needs to come above.

Reviewer 2: I suggest making explicit what to do with the interface name after run `iw dev`. If the user should see this interface name used after running command on Ln 142, then that should be stated. 
FYI only: In testing, I successfully replaced `$INTERFACE` with the name resulting from `iw dev`.

Reviewer 2: @puneetse, Are you sure that you want to use the `-` before $INTERFACE_NAME.conf? 
As in: `/etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant-$INTERFACE_NAME.conf`

Reviewer: Yes, see the reason below. It's a distro-distributed systemd unit template which should be leveraged.

   following:

   .. code-block:: bash

      ctrl_interface=/run/wpa_supplicant
      update_config=1

#. Determine your wireless interface name.

   .. code-block:: bash

      iw dev

#. Complete the configuration process as ``root``.

   .. code-block:: bash

      sudo su

>       wpa_supplicant -B -i $INTERFACE -c /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      sudo wpa_supplicant -B -i $INTERFACE -c /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf
```

sudo to have access to save configuration under `/etc`

Author: Actually you have to be logged in as root - mentioned above.  "sudo" did not work for me.

Reviewer: If you add `ctrl_interface_group=wheel` to the .conf file it should work with sudo. That would be better than having to switch to root.

#. Use :command:`wpa_cli` (interactive mode) to scan for available networks.

   .. code-block:: bash

      > scan
      OK
      <3>CTRL-EVENT-SCAN-STARTED
      <3>CTRL-EVENT-SCAN-RESULTS
      > scan_results
      bssid / frequency / signal level / flags / ssid
      00:xx:xx:73:7b:46 5180 -55 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network1
      00:xx:xx:5d:d9:23 2412 -47 [RSN--CCMP][MESH] 1137e9
      00:xx:xx:73:7b:43 2412 -49 [RSN--CCMP][MESH] 1137e9
      00:xx:xx:5d:d9:25 2412 -47 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network1
      00:xx:xx:37:25:05 2412 -49 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network1
      00:xx:xx:73:7b:45 2412 -59 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network1
      00:xx:xx:83:fa:6a 2437 -57 [WPA-EAP-CCMP+TKIP][WPA2-EAP-CCMP+TKIP][ESS]
      00:xx:xx:83:fa:70 5240 -76 [WPA2-EAP-CCMP][ESS] Network2
      00:xx:xx:4f:e9:2c 2412 -67 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS][P2P] Printer
      00:xx:xx:af:fe:3e 5765 -79 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network3
      00:xx:xx:e9:eb:29 2412 -76 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network4
      00:xx:xx:26:4a:b9 2412 -79 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS][P2P] Printer2
      00:xx:xx:b9:0d:d4 2462 -79 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network5

> #. Set up your network connection.

Reviewer: Add something like "In this example the network name is Network1 and the password is "Network1Password". 

We also need to call out that this saves the password in plaintext in the `/etc` configuration file. We should point them to `wpa_passphrase`. I'd like to avoid adding another "fork" in the reading flow. I'd like to  deferring to the manpage, but we don't package the man pages for wpa_supplicant.conf. I can look into getting that done, but for now let's at least mention the security consideration.

Reviewer: Also, we should recommend `chmod 600` on this file.

   .. code-block:: bash

      > add_network
      0
      > set_network 0 ssid "Network1"
      OK
      > set_network 0 psk "Network1Password"
      OK
      > enable_network 0
      OK
      <3>CTRL-EVENT-SCAN-STARTED
      <3>CTRL-EVENT-SCAN-RESULTS
      <3>SME: Trying to authenticate with 00:xx:xx:5d:d9:26 (SSID='Network1' freq=5180 MHz)
      <3>Trying to associate with 00:xx:xx:5d:d9:26 (SSID='Network1' freq=5180 MHz)
      <3>Associated with 00:xx:xx:5d:d9:26
      <3>CTRL-EVENT-SUBNET-STATUS-UPDATE status=0
      <3>WPA: Key negotiation completed with 00:xx:xx:5d:d9:26 [PTK=CCMP GTK=CCMP]
      <3>CTRL-EVENT-CONNECTED - Connection to 00:xx:xx:5d:d9:26 completed [id=0 id_str=]

#. Save the configuration, quit :command:`wpa_cli`, and log out of ``root``.

   .. code-block:: bash

      > save_config
      OK
      > quit
      root@clr-live~ # exit

> 

Reviewer: Add a step here to enable the wpa_supplicant.service for future boots

One cool thing about the wpa_supplicant service is that it is a systemd template. So you can "pass" the interface name as the parameter to start a wpa_supplicant service targeting that interface specifically. 

This is the syntax: `systemctl enable --now wpa_supplicant@wlp4s0.service` which expects to read a configuration at `/etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant-wlp4s0.conf`

> Now, set up ``systemd-networkd.service`` to use this network connection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, set up ``systemd-networkd.service`` to use this connection to request an IP address.
```

   .. code-block:: bash

      sudo wpa_supplicant -B -i $INTERFACE_NAME -c /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant-$INTERFACE_NAME.conf

#. Use :command:`wpa_cli` (interactive mode) to scan for available networks.

   .. code-block:: bash

      sudo wpa_cli
      > scan
      OK
      <3>CTRL-EVENT-SCAN-STARTED
      <3>CTRL-EVENT-SCAN-RESULTS
      > scan_results
      bssid / frequency / signal level / flags / ssid
      00:xx:xx:73:7b:46 5180 -55 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network1
      00:xx:xx:5d:d9:23 2412 -47 [RSN--CCMP][MESH] 1137e9
      00:xx:xx:73:7b:43 2412 -49 [RSN--CCMP][MESH] 1137e9
      00:xx:xx:5d:d9:25 2412 -47 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network1
      00:xx:xx:37:25:05 2412 -49 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network1
      00:xx:xx:73:7b:45 2412 -59 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network1
      00:xx:xx:83:fa:6a 2437 -57 [WPA-EAP-CCMP+TKIP][WPA2-EAP-CCMP+TKIP][ESS]
      00:xx:xx:83:fa:70 5240 -76 [WPA2-EAP-CCMP][ESS] Network2
      00:xx:xx:4f:e9:2c 2412 -67 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS][P2P] Printer
      00:xx:xx:af:fe:3e 5765 -79 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network3
      00:xx:xx:e9:eb:29 2412 -76 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network4
      00:xx:xx:26:4a:b9 2412 -79 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS][P2P] Printer2

>       00:xx:xx:b9:0d:d4 2462 -79 [WPA2-PSK-CCMP][ESS] Network5

Reviewer 2: @puneetse. Can you verify that you tested this section until the end for validity? 
I reached this section without issues, yet after entering `scan` in the `wpa_cli`, the stdout hangs at: 
`<3>CLTRL-EVENT-NETWORK-NOT-FOUND` ... 

Eventually, the initial scan returns `OK`. 
But it still hangs. I don't believe this is a proxy issue. 

I'm alright

Author: @mvincerx I'm pretty sure it doesn't hang, the prompt probably just didn't return right away. Hit return and continue.
